feat: update readme (#1)
eve-autonomy/v2i_interface: README.md

# v2i_interface

## Overview

> This node supports intercommunication with user-defined V2I infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This node converts V2I communication between the Autoware of ROS2 interface and UDP which is outside of ROS2 interface.
```

> This forms UDP communication with a single external device and translates ROS messages into a ROS-independent format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This converter acts with a single external device on a vehicle.
```

> It is necessary to prepare a user-defined broadcasting device in order to realize connection with an unspecified number of infrastructure devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is necessary to prepare a user-defined broadcasting device, which connects to number of infrastructure devices.
```

## Input and Output
- input

>   - from [autoware.universe](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - from [autoware.universe](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/)
```

>     - `/awapi/tmp/infrastructure_commands` : Control command for V2I infrastructure. It has an array structure to control multiple infrastructures at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `/awapi/tmp/infrastructure_commands` : Control command to V2I infrastructure. It has an array structure to control multiple infrastructures at the same time.
```

  - from [user-defined broadcasting device](#v2i-status)

>     - `v2i status` (UDP) : The state of the V2I infrastructure. It has an array structure to control the vehicle based on the state of multiple infrastructures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `v2i status` (UDP) : State from V2I infrastructure. It has an array structure to control the vehicle based on the state of multiple infrastructures.
```

- output

>   - to [autoware.universe](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - to [autoware.universe](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/)
```

>     - `/system/v2x/virtual_traffic_light_status` : A conversion of `v2i_status` (UDP) for the ROS2 protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `/system/v2x/virtual_traffic_light_status` : ROS2 interface from `v2i_status` (UDP).
```

  - to [user-defined broadcasting device](#v2i-command)

>     - `v2i command` (UDP) : A conversion of `/awapi/tmp/infrastructure_commands` for the UDP protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `v2i command` (UDP) : UDP protocol from `/awapi/tmp/infrastructure_commands`.
```

## Node Graph
![node graph](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/eve-autonomy/v2i_interface/docs/node_graph.pu)

## Launch arguments

|Name          |Descriptoin|
|:-------------|:----------|

> |operation_mode|Select the following operation modes; `product`, `local_test`. This replaces the entire list of parameters with different values.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|operation_mode|Select the following operation modes; `product`, `local_test`. This value changes parameter directories.|
```

## Parameter description

> These are the parameters used to make a UDP connection to a user-defined broadcasting device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are mandatory parameters of UDP connection to a user-defined broadcasting device.
```

|Name          |
|:-------------|
|ip_address    |
|send_port     |
|receive_port  |

> The specific values for these parameters are defined in the v2i_interface_params package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If you want to use different value, fork the [v2i_interface_params.default](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/v2i_interface_params.default) repository, create a new repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use different set of paremeters, fork the [v2i_interface_params.default](https://github.com/eve-autonomy/v2i_interface_params.default) repository.
```

## UDP protocol

> The broadcasting device must meet the following communication specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Broadcasting device must meet the following specifications.
```

> ### v2i command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### V2I command: infrastructure_commands
```

```
{
  "seq_num" : uint32,
  "time": {
    "sec": uint64,
    "nanosec": unit32,
  },
  "request_array": [
    {
      "id": uint8,
      "request": uint8
    },
    ...
  ]
}
```

<details><summary>Item description</summary><div>

> #### Top level items of v2i command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### High level description
```

|Name       |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
|seq_num    |Increment from 0 for each output.|
|time       |UNIX time at the time of output.|
|request_array|Control commands for multiple V2I controllers.|

#### Details of items in request_array

|Name       |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
|id         |ID of the V2I infrastructure.|
|request    |Control command for the V2I infrastructure such as "open / close" and "turn on / off". The lower 4 bits and the upper 4 bits correspond to the states of 4 outputs and 4 inputs, respectively.|

</div></details>

> ### v2i status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### V2I status: virtual_traffic_light_states
```

```
{
  "seq_num" : uint32,
  "time": {
    "sec": uint64,
    "nanosec": unit32,
  },
  "id": uint8,
  "status": uint8,
  "detail": uint32.
  "reply_array": [
    {
      "id": uint8,
      "time": {
        "sec": uint64,
        "nanosec": unit32,
      },
      "status" : uint8,
      "packet_time" : {
        "sec" : uint64,
        "msec" : uint16,
      },
      "gpio" : uint8,
      "detail" : uint32,
      "vehicle": {
        "id" : uint8,
        "request" : uint8,
        "delay" : uint16,
        "rssi" : int8,
      },
      "rssi" : int8
    },
    ...
  ]
}
```

<details><summary>Item description</summary><div>

> #### Top level items of v2i status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### High level description
```
